# packages in environment at /mnt/nfs/home/323639/000000-My_Documents/VM-home/tools/miniconda2/envs/treponema:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_r-mutex                  1.0.0               anacondar_1  
asn1crypto                0.24.0                py27_1003    conda-forge
augustus                  3.3             pl526hcfae127_4    bioconda
backports                 1.0                        py_2    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.5                        py_1    conda-forge
backports_abc             0.5                        py_1    conda-forge
bamtools                  2.4.1                         1    bioconda
bbmap                     38.22                h14c3975_1    bioconda
bcftools                  1.4.1                         0    bioconda
besst                     2.2.8                      py_2    bioconda
bioconductor-biobase      2.42.0           r351h14c3975_1    bioconda
bioconductor-biocgenerics 0.28.0                   r351_1    bioconda
bioconductor-biocparallel 1.16.6           r351h1c2f66e_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biostrings   2.50.2           r351h14c3975_0    bioconda
bioconductor-delayedarray 0.8.0            r351h14c3975_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomeinfodb 1.18.1                   r351_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomeinfodbdata 1.2.1                    r351_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomicalignments 1.18.1           r351h14c3975_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomicranges 1.34.0           r351h14c3975_0    bioconda
bioconductor-iranges      2.16.0           r351h14c3975_0    bioconda
bioconductor-noiseq       2.26.1                   r351_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rsamtools    1.34.0           r351hf484d3e_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rtracklayer  1.42.1           r351h9d9f1b6_1    bioconda
bioconductor-s4vectors    0.20.1           r351h14c3975_0    bioconda
bioconductor-summarizedexperiment 1.12.0                   r351_0    bioconda
bioconductor-xvector      0.22.0           r351h14c3975_0    bioconda
bioconductor-zlibbioc     1.28.0           r351h14c3975_0    bioconda
blas                      1.0                         mkl  
blast                     2.7.1                h4422958_6    bioconda
boost                     1.67.0           py27h3e44d54_0    conda-forge
boost-cpp                 1.67.0               h3a22d5f_0    conda-forge
busco                     3.0.2                    py27_8    bioconda
bwa                       0.7.15                        1    bioconda
bwidget                   1.9.11                        1  
bz2file                   0.98                       py_0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.6             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2019.6.16            hecc5488_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.14.12           h80bd089_1005    conda-forge
certifi                   2019.3.9                 py27_0    anaconda
cffi                      1.12.3           py27h8022711_0    conda-forge
chardet                   3.0.4                 py27_1003    conda-forge
circos                    0.69.6                        5    bioconda
click                     7.0                        py_0    conda-forge
colormath                 3.0.0                      py_2    conda-forge
cryptography              2.7              py27h72c5cf5_0    conda-forge
curl                      7.64.1               hf8cf82a_0    conda-forge
cutadapt                  1.18             py27h14c3975_1    bioconda
cycler                    0.10.0                     py_1    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.2               h714fa37_1  
decorator                 4.4.0                      py_0    conda-forge
enum34                    1.1.6                 py27_1001    conda-forge
expat                     2.2.5             hf484d3e_1002    conda-forge
fastqc                    0.11.8                        1    bioconda
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 h6964260_0  
fontconfig                2.13.1            he4413a7_1000    conda-forge
freebayes                 0.9.21.26                     0    bioconda
freetype                  2.10.0               he983fc9_0    conda-forge
functools32               3.2.3.2                    py_3    conda-forge
future                    0.17.1                py27_1000    conda-forge
futures                   3.2.0                 py27_1000    conda-forge
gatk                      3.7                      py27_1    bioconda
gettext                   0.19.8.1          hc5be6a0_1002    conda-forge
giflib                    5.1.9                h516909a_0    conda-forge
glib                      2.56.2            had28632_1001    conda-forge
glimmerhmm                3.0.4                h2d50403_2    bioconda
gmp                       6.1.2             hf484d3e_1000    conda-forge
gnutls                    3.5.19               h2a4e5f8_1    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            hf484d3e_1000    conda-forge
gsl                       2.2.1                h0c605f7_3  
gst-plugins-base          1.14.0               hbbd80ab_1  
gstreamer                 1.14.0               hb453b48_1  
harfbuzz                  1.9.0             he243708_1001    conda-forge
hmmer                     3.2.1                hf484d3e_1    bioconda
htslib                    1.9                  h4da6232_3    bioconda
icu                       58.2              hf484d3e_1000    conda-forge
idna                      2.8                   py27_1000    conda-forge
intel-openmp              2019.4                      243  
ipaddress                 1.0.22                     py_1    conda-forge
jinja2                    2.10.1                     py_0    conda-forge
joblib                    0.13.2                     py_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9c                h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.1.0            py27hc9558a2_0    conda-forge
kraken2                   2.0.8_beta      pl526h6bb024c_0    bioconda
krb5                      1.16.3            h05b26f9_1001    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.64.1               hda55be3_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.2                  h14c3975_0    bioconda
libedit                   3.1.20170329      hf8c457e_1001    conda-forge
libffi                    3.2.1             he1b5a44_1006    conda-forge
libgcc                    7.2.0                h69d50b8_2    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 9.1.0                hdf63c60_0  
libgd                     2.2.5             h0d07dcb_1005    conda-forge
libgfortran               3.0.0                         1    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            7.3.0                hdf63c60_0  
libiconv                  1.15              h516909a_1005    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.1.1                h14c3975_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               hed695b0_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.8.2                h22169c7_2    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              9.1.0                hdf63c60_0  
libtiff                   4.0.10            h57b8799_1003    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               h14c3975_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.0.2                h576950b_1    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.9                h13577e0_0    conda-forge
lp_solve                  5.5.2.5           h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.8.3             he1b5a44_1001    conda-forge
lzstring                  1.0.4                   py_1001    conda-forge
make                      4.2.1             h14c3975_2004    conda-forge
markdown                  2.6.11                     py_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                1.1.1            py27h14c3975_0    conda-forge
mathstats                 0.2.6.5                    py_0    bioconda
matplotlib                2.2.3            py27h8a2030e_1    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           2.2.3            py27h60b886d_1    conda-forge
metis                     5.1.0             hf484d3e_1003    conda-forge
mkl                       2019.4                      243  
mkl_fft                   1.0.13           py27h516909a_1    conda-forge
mkl_random                1.0.4            py27hf2d7682_0    conda-forge
multiqc                   1.7                        py_4    bioconda
ncurses                   6.1               hf484d3e_1002    conda-forge
nettle                    3.3                           0    conda-forge
networkx                  2.2                        py_1    conda-forge
numpy                     1.16.4           py27h7e9f1db_0  
numpy-base                1.16.4           py27hde5b4d6_0  
openblas                  0.2.20                        8    conda-forge
openjdk                   8.0.192           h14c3975_1003    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1                h7b6447c_0    anaconda
pango                     1.40.14           hf0c64fd_1003    conda-forge
pcre                      8.43                 he6710b0_0  
perl                      5.26.2            h516909a_1006    conda-forge
perl-app-cpanminus        1.7044                  pl526_1    bioconda
perl-archive-tar          2.32                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-autoloader           5.74                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-carp                 1.38                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-clone                0.41            pl526h14c3975_1    bioconda
perl-compress-raw-bzip2   2.086           pl526hf484d3e_0    bioconda
perl-compress-raw-zlib    2.086           pl526h6bb024c_1    bioconda
perl-config-general       2.63                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-constant             1.33                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-cpan-meta            2.150010                pl526_0    bioconda
perl-cpan-meta-requirements 2.140                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-cpan-meta-yaml       0.018                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-data-dumper          2.173                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-dbi                  1.642                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-digest-perl-md5      1.9                     pl526_1    bioconda
perl-dynaloader           1.25                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-encode               2.88                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-exporter             5.72                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-exporter-tiny        1.002001                pl526_0    bioconda
perl-extutils-cbuilder    0.280230                pl526_1    bioconda
perl-extutils-makemaker   7.36                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-extutils-manifest    1.72                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-extutils-parsexs     3.35                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-file-path            2.16                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-file-temp            0.2304                  pl526_2    bioconda
perl-font-ttf             1.06                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-gd                   2.71            pl526he860b03_0    bioconda
perl-getopt-long          2.50                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-io-compress          2.086           pl526hf484d3e_0    bioconda
perl-io-string            1.08                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-io-zlib              1.10                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-ipc-cmd              1.02                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-json-pp              4.02                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils       0.428                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils-xs    0.428                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-locale-maketext-simple 0.21                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-math-bezier          0.01                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-math-round           0.07                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-math-vecstat         0.08                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-module-build         0.4224                  pl526_3    bioconda
perl-module-corelist      5.20190524              pl526_0    bioconda
perl-module-implementation 0.09                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-module-load          0.32                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-module-load-conditional 0.68                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-module-metadata      1.000036                pl526_0    bioconda
perl-module-runtime       0.016                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-number-format        1.75                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-params-check         0.38                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-params-validate      1.29            pl526h14c3975_1    bioconda
perl-parent               0.236                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-pathtools            3.75            pl526h14c3975_1    bioconda
perl-perl-ostype          1.010                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-readonly             2.05                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-regexp-common        2017060201              pl526_0    bioconda
perl-scalar-list-utils    1.50            pl526h14c3975_0    bioconda
perl-set-intspan          1.19                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-statistics-basic     1.6611                  pl526_2    bioconda
perl-svg                  2.84                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-text-abbrev          1.02                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-text-format          0.59                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-text-parsewords      3.30                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-time-hires           1.9760          pl526h14c3975_1    bioconda
perl-try-tiny             0.30                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-version              0.9924                  pl526_0    bioconda
perl-xml-parser           2.44            pl526h4e0c4b3_7    bioconda
perl-xsloader             0.24                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-yaml                 1.29                    pl526_0    bioconda
picard                    2.9.2                         2    bioconda
pigz                      2.3.4                         0    conda-forge
pip                       19.1.1                   py27_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.34.0            h14c3975_1003    conda-forge
popt                      1.16                          1    bioconda
pthread-stubs             0.4               h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.19                     py27_1    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 19.0.0                   py27_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 2.4.0                      py_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.6.0           py27h13b7fb3_1008    conda-forge
pysam                     0.11.2.2                 py27_1    bioconda
pysocks                   1.7.0                    py27_0    conda-forge
python                    2.7.15            h721da81_1008    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.0                      py_0    conda-forge
pytz                      2019.1                     py_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    5.1.1            py27h516909a_0    conda-forge
qt                        5.6.3                h8bf5577_3  
qualimap                  2.2.2b                        1    bioconda
quast                     5.0.2           py27pl526ha92aebf_0    bioconda
r                         3.5.1                 r351_1000    conda-forge
r-assertthat              0.2.1            r351h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-backports               1.1.4            r351hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-base                    3.5.1                h391c2eb_5    conda-forge
r-bh                      1.69.0_1         r351h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-bitops                  1.0_6           r351h96ca727_1002    conda-forge
r-boot                    1.3_22                   r351_0    conda-forge
r-class                   7.3_15          r351h96ca727_1000    conda-forge
r-cli                     1.1.0            r351h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-cluster                 2.0.9            r351h9bbef5b_0    conda-forge
r-codetools               0.2_16          r351h6115d3f_1000    conda-forge
r-colorspace              1.4_1            r351hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-crayon                  1.3.4           r351h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-digest                  0.6.19           r351h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-fansi                   0.4.0           r351h96ca727_1000    conda-forge
r-foreign                 0.8_71          r351h96ca727_1002    conda-forge
r-formatr                 1.7               r35h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-futile.logger           1.4.3           r351h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-futile.options          1.0.1           r351h6115d3f_1000    conda-forge
r-getopt                  1.20.3                   r351_0    conda-forge
r-ggplot2                 3.2.0             r35h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-glue                    1.3.1            r351hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-gtable                  0.3.0            r351h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-kernsmooth              2.23_15         r351ha65eedd_1002    conda-forge
r-labeling                0.3             r351h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-lambda.r                1.2.3           r351h6115d3f_1000    conda-forge
r-lattice                 0.20_38         r351h96ca727_1000    conda-forge
r-lazyeval                0.2.2            r351hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-magrittr                1.5             r351h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-mass                    7.3_51.4         r351hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-matrix                  1.2_17           r351hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-matrixstats             0.54.0          r351h96ca727_1000    conda-forge
r-mgcv                    1.8_28           r351hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-munsell                 0.5.0           r351h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-nlme                    3.1_140          r351h9bbef5b_0    conda-forge
r-nnet                    7.3_12          r351h96ca727_1002    conda-forge
r-optparse                1.6.1            r351h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-pillar                  1.4.1                h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-pkgconfig               2.0.2           r351h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-plyr                    1.8.4           r351h29659fb_1002    conda-forge
r-r6                      2.4.0            r351h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-rcolorbrewer            1.1_2           r351h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-rcpp                    1.0.1            r351h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-rcurl                   1.95_4.12        r351hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-recommended             3.5.1                 r351_1001    conda-forge
r-reshape2                1.4.3           r351h29659fb_1003    conda-forge
r-rlang                   0.3.4            r351hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-rpart                   4.1_15           r351hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-scales                  1.0.0           r351h29659fb_1001    conda-forge
r-snow                    0.4_3           r351h6115d3f_1000    conda-forge
r-spatial                 7.3_11          r351h96ca727_1002    conda-forge
r-stringi                 1.4.3            r351h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-stringr                 1.4.0            r351h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-survival                2.44_1.1         r351hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-tibble                  2.1.3             r35hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-utf8                    1.1.4           r351h96ca727_1000    conda-forge
r-vctrs                   0.1.0           r351h96ca727_1000    conda-forge
r-viridislite             0.3.0           r351h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-withr                   2.1.2           r351h6115d3f_1000    conda-forge
r-xml                     3.98_1.20         r35hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-zeallot                 0.1.0           r351h6115d3f_1000    conda-forge
readline                  7.0               hf8c457e_1001    conda-forge
reaper                    16.098               ha92aebf_2    bioconda
requests                  2.22.0                   py27_0    conda-forge
rsync                     3.1.3             h84994c4_1002    conda-forge
samtools                  1.4.1                         0    bioconda
scipy                     1.2.1            py27h7c811a0_0  
seqtk                     1.3                  h84994c4_1    bioconda
setuptools                41.0.1                   py27_0    conda-forge
simplejson                3.8.1                    py27_0    bioconda
singledispatch            3.4.0.3               py27_1000    conda-forge
sip                       4.18.1          py27hf484d3e_1000    conda-forge
six                       1.12.0                py27_1000    conda-forge
snpeff                    4.3.1t                        2    bioconda
spades                    3.13.0                        0    bioconda
spectra                   0.0.11                     py_1    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.28.0               h8b20d00_0    conda-forge
subprocess32              3.5.4            py27h516909a_0    conda-forge
suitesparse               5.2.0                h9e4a6bb_0  
tbb                       2019.7               hc9558a2_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.9             hed695b0_1002    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 h14c3975_0  
tornado                   5.1.1           py27h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.24.3                   py27_0    conda-forge
vcflib                    1.0.0_rc2            h56106d0_2    bioconda
vcftools                  0.1.15               he941832_2    bioconda
virtualenv                16.0.0                   py27_0    anaconda
wget                      1.20.1               h90d6eec_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.33.4                   py27_0    conda-forge
xopen                     0.7.0                      py_0    bioconda
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.9             h516909a_1004    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             h84519dc_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.6.7             h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h14c3975_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h516909a_1002    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h14c3975_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.4             h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
yaml                      0.1.7             h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h14c3975_1004    conda-forge
zstd                      1.4.0                h3b9ef0a_0    conda-forge
